hey guys it's Friday night and some of
you might be out at a pub it if you are
usually the special on a Friday night is
fish and chips a classic and this is my
take on beer battered fish and chips
now follow me camera guy come over here
and have a look at this I've got some
nice golden-brown beer battered fish and
chips with my homemade tartar sauce a
side of green peas and some french fries
I'm gonna drizzle some lemon juice on
that and it's ready to serve so if you
want to know how to make this stick
around on this episode of cooking in HD
I'm making beer battered fish and chips
let's start with our tartar sauce the
main ingredients for the tartar sauce
will be about a cup of mayonnaise note
the juice of half a lemon we've got some
sweet gherkins here finely chopped also
finely chopped some yellow onion we use
about a tablespoon or two of capers and
for something a little bit different
I've got some pickled onions and I've
minced that into this bowl right here
and I'm going to mix everything together
right now that's all mixed in let's give
it a little taste here
nice bite a little bit of sweetness hang
in this guitar sauce alright let's go
over our ingredient list I've got five
cod fillets here these were previously
frozen if you get fresh ones all the
better but that's just what I happen to
have I've got a plate here with just
plain all-purpose flour in it I'm going
to use that to dredge the cod fillets in
and then in here I've got 1 cup of flour
half a cup of corn starch and half a
teaspoon of cayenne pepper and to that
I'm going to add my beer this is a
Sleeman Cream Ale it's a Canadian beer
it's good I like it and I'm going to
dump the whole 355 ml bottle into here
and what I'll be looking for is
consistency of something like pancake
batter
you know when goes our beer now this is
cold that's kind of important because
that means that we won't get lumps
let me start
to whisk this fully incorporate
everything
right now check out the consistency it's
very much like pancake batter which is
what I'm looking for and I've just added
a little bit of salt and I'm not adding
pepper because I've got cayenne pepper
in there and that's going to give us
just a little bit of heat so this is
just the right consistency and I'm gonna
okay so I'm gonna take my first piece of
cod and what I want to do here is I'm
just coating it in the flour and try to
just use one hand because this is going
to make it dry and then the next step
I'm going to make it wet by putting it
into the beer batter and I'm using my
other hand for that so I'm going to
cover it with my beer batter and once
I've got it nice and covered and take it
over to my frying pan
and just drop it in
all right it's the next one
okay so this hand for dry
throw it in the beer batter and then
this hand for the web
and I like a lot of beer-batter online
so I'm just going to just absolutely
cover
all right so these are done let me show
you what they look like all right you
guys nice gold and brown color on there
so I'm going to plate these but first
I'm going to put them on a paper towel
plates just to let the grease run off
and then we'll plate them and I'll show
you what the final product looks like
okay so here's what the final product
looks like I'm serving it with french
fries some green peas I've got two
fillets on there and this is my homemade
tartar sauce you can see the nice golden
brown batter on them and then I'm just
going to take this lemon drizzle it on
top and it's ready to serve
so this is my beer battered cod fish
fillets served on a Friday and I'm
looking forward to having this without a
glass of my Sleeman ale Cheers